# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx-extensions
    #   furo
    #   pyspelling
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wcmatch
canonical-sphinx==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
canonical-sphinx-extensions==0.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-autobuild
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx-extensions
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jsonschema
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
furo==2024.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx-extensions
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyspelling
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-jsonschema
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyspelling
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyspelling
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
myst-parser==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
overrides==7.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
pip==24.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-lint
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-pydantic
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   furo
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyspelling==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
python-apt @ https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+archive/primary/+sourcefiles/python-apt/2.4.0ubuntu1/python-apt_2.4.0ubuntu1.tar.xz
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-distutils-extra @ https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+archive/primary/+sourcefiles/python-distutils-extra/2.43/python-distutils-extra_2.43.tar.xz
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyxdg==0.28
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   myst-parser
    #   pyspelling
    #   sphinx-jsonschema
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-lint
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx-extensions
    #   requests-unixsocket2
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jsonschema
requests-unixsocket2==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
setuptools==75.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pyspelling
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
    #   canonical-sphinx-extensions
    #   furo
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-basic-ng
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-notfound-page
    #   sphinx-reredirects
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-details-directive
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxext-opengraph
sphinx-autobuild==2024.10.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx-basic-ng==1.0.0b2
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   furo
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
sphinx-jsonschema==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-pydantic
sphinx-lint==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx-notfound-page==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
sphinx-pydantic==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx-reredirects==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx-tabs==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-details-directive==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxext-opengraph==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   canonical-sphinx
starlette==0.45.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-autobuild
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   linkify-it-py
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   requests-unixsocket2
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-autobuild
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-autobuild
wcmatch==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyspelling
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c (workspace)
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
websockets==14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-autobuild
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements.txt